docs(View): Add missing public type aliases to Kokkos::View API reference (#907)
kokkos/kokkos-core-wiki: docs/source/API/core/view/view.rst

   non-:cpp:`const` version of :cpp:type:`value_type`.

.. cpp:type:: element_type

   The element type of the :cpp:class:`View` following the :cpp:`std::mdspan` convention.
   May be :cpp:`const`-qualified (e.g., :cpp:`const double`) for read-only views.

>    Equivalent to :cpp:type:`value_type` for Kokkos views.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Can be :cpp:`const`-qualified (e.g., :cpp:`const double`) for read-only Views.
   Equivalent to :cpp:type:`value_type` for Kokkos Views.
```

>    .. versionadded:: 4.4

Reviewer 2: Are you sure?
https://godbolt.org/z/haGnseafj

Reviewer 2: Looks more like 4.5

>    .. versionadded:: 4.4

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   .. versionadded:: 4.5
```

   .. versionremoved:: 5.3

.. cpp:type:: array_type

   Alias for :cpp:type:`type`.

   .. deprecated:: 5.0
      Use :cpp:type:`type` instead.

.. cpp:type:: uniform_type

   Canonical form of this :cpp:class:`View` with static extents preserved.

>    Used by generic Kokkos utilities.

Reviewer 4: This is a very confusing description, I think it needs an example.

Can drop the line about used by generic Kokkos utilities, that's not useful

>    Used by generic Kokkos utilities.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   Canonical form of this :cpp:class:`View` with static extents preserved.
```

.. cpp:type:: uniform_const_type

   :cpp:`const`-element version of :cpp:type:`uniform_type`.

.. cpp:type:: uniform_runtime_type

>    Version of :cpp:type:`uniform_type` with all extents made dynamic (runtime-determined).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
   Version of :cpp:type:`uniform_type` with all extents made dynamic.
```

   pointer to :cpp:type:`value_type`.

.. cpp:type:: data_handle_type

   The data handle type following the :cpp:`std::mdspan` convention.

>    For managed views this is a reference-counted handle; for unmanaged views it is a raw pointer (e.g., :cpp:`double*`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For managed Views this is a reference-counted handle; for unmanaged Views it is a raw pointer (e.g., :cpp:`double*`).
```

   .. versionadded:: 4.5

Other Types
^^^^^^^^^^^

.. cpp:type:: traits

   The :cpp:class:`ViewTraits` specialization for this :cpp:class:`View`.
   Provides access to all compile-time properties such as :cpp:type:`data_type`, :cpp:type:`array_layout`,

>    :cpp:type:`memory_space`, and :cpp:type:`memory_traits`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :cpp:type:`memory_space` and :cpp:type:`memory_traits`.
```

   pointer to :cpp:type:`value_type`.

.. cpp:type:: data_handle_type

   The data handle type following the :cpp:`std::mdspan` convention.
   For managed views this is a reference-counted handle; for unmanaged views it is a raw pointer (e.g., :cpp:`double*`).

>    .. versionadded:: 4.4

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   .. versionadded:: 4.5
```

>    index type associated with the memory space of this :cpp:class:`View`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Index type associated with the memory space of this :cpp:class:`View`.
```

.. cpp:type:: index_type

   Integral type used for indexing, following the :cpp:`std::mdspan` convention.
   Default is :cpp:`std::size_t`.

   .. versionadded:: 4.5

.. cpp:type:: rank_type

   Type used to represent the rank of the :cpp:class:`View` (i.e., the type of :cpp:func:`rank` and :cpp:func:`rank_dynamic`).

>    It is :cpp:`std::size_t`.

Reviewer: Should it be the following?
```suggestion
   Default is :cpp:`std::size_t`.
```

   .. versionadded:: 4.5

.. cpp:type:: dimension

>    An integer array like type, able to represent the extents of the :cpp:class:`View`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   An integer array-like type, able to represent the extents of the :cpp:class:`View`.
```

   index type associated with the memory space of this :cpp:class:`View`.

.. cpp:type:: index_type

>    Unsigned integral type used for indexing, following the :cpp:`std::mdspan` convention.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   Integral type used for indexing, following the :cpp:`std::mdspan` convention.
```

>    Typically :cpp:`std::size_t`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   Default is :cpp:`std::size_t`.
```

>    .. versionadded:: 4.4

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   .. versionadded:: 4.5
```

.. cpp:type:: rank_type

   Type used to represent the rank of the :cpp:class:`View` (i.e., the type of :cpp:func:`rank` and :cpp:func:`rank_dynamic`).
   It is :cpp:`std::size_t`.

>    .. versionadded:: 4.4

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   .. versionadded:: 4.5
```

>    Typically :cpp:`std::size_t`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   Type used to represent the rank of the :cpp:class:`View` (i.e., the type of :cpp:func:`rank` and :cpp:func:`rank_dynamic`).
   It is :cpp:`std::size_t`.
```

   .. versionremoved:: 5.3

> mdspan Types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
mdspan types
```
Smaller case "types" looks better next to "mdspan".

^^^^^^^^^^^^

The following types provide compatibility with :cpp:`std::mdspan` (C++23).

> They describe the :ref:`natural mdspan <api-view-natural-mdspans>` of the :cpp:class:`View`.

Reviewer: Can we improve this sentence? Will the following work?

```suggestion
They describe the *natural mdspan* that corresponds to a :cpp:class:`View`.
```

.. cpp:type:: mdspan_type

   The natural :cpp:`std::mdspan` type corresponding to this :cpp:class:`View`.
   Only available when :cpp:type:`array_layout` is one of :cpp:struct:`LayoutLeft`,
   :cpp:struct:`LayoutRight`, or :cpp:class:`LayoutStride`.

   .. versionadded:: 5.0

   .. seealso:: :ref:`Natural mdspans <api-view-natural-mdspans>`

.. cpp:type:: extents_type

   The :cpp:`std::extents` type of :cpp:type:`mdspan_type`, encoding the rank and
   static/dynamic extent information of the :cpp:class:`View`.

   .. versionadded:: 5.0

.. cpp:type:: layout_type

   The mdspan layout policy type of :cpp:type:`mdspan_type`.
   Note that this is the mdspan layout type (e.g., :cpp:`std::layout_left`) and is

>    distinct from :cpp:type:`array_layout` (the Kokkos layout tag, e.g., :cpp:struct:`LayoutLeft`).

Reviewer: Yes, `layout_type` is distinct from `LayoutLeft` but won't the two constructs mean the same thing and match each other for a given View?

   .. versionremoved:: 5.3

mdspan Types
^^^^^^^^^^^^

The following types provide compatibility with :cpp:`std::mdspan` (C++23).
They describe the :ref:`natural mdspan <api-view-natural-mdspans>` of the :cpp:class:`View`.

.. cpp:type:: mdspan_type

   The natural :cpp:`std::mdspan` type corresponding to this :cpp:class:`View`.
   Only available when :cpp:type:`array_layout` is one of :cpp:struct:`LayoutLeft`,
   :cpp:struct:`LayoutRight`, or :cpp:class:`LayoutStride`.

>    .. versionadded:: 4.4

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   .. versionadded:: 5.0
```

>    .. seealso:: :ref:`Natural mdspans <api-view-natural-mdspans>`

Reviewer 5: Not sure if this is really needed. The link to natrual mdspan page is already provided right above.
That being said, I'm not hugely against this either.

Reviewer: We could retain this and remove the link above.

.. cpp:type:: extents_type

   The :cpp:`std::extents` type of :cpp:type:`mdspan_type`, encoding the rank and
   static/dynamic extent information of the :cpp:class:`View`.

>    .. versionadded:: 4.4

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   .. versionadded:: 5.0
```

.. cpp:type:: layout_type

   The mdspan layout policy type of :cpp:type:`mdspan_type`.
   Note that this is the mdspan layout type (e.g., :cpp:`std::layout_left`) and is
   distinct from :cpp:type:`array_layout` (the Kokkos layout tag, e.g., :cpp:struct:`LayoutLeft`).

>    .. versionadded:: 4.4

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   .. versionadded:: 5.0
```

.. cpp:type:: accessor_type

   The mdspan accessor policy type of :cpp:type:`mdspan_type`.
   Encodes the memory space and access properties (e.g., atomic access).

>    .. versionadded:: 4.4

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   .. versionadded:: 5.0
```

.. cpp:type:: mapping_type

   The mdspan mapping type of :cpp:type:`mdspan_type`, i.e., :cpp:`layout_type::mapping<extents_type>`.
   Describes the mapping from multi-dimensional indices to a linear offset.

>    .. versionadded:: 4.4

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   .. versionadded:: 5.0
```
